Huh?
Something is there!
Be careful!
I know!
This one...
Kenzo!
Got you!
SOLO LEVELING SEASON 2
-ARISE FROM THE SHADOW-
Each one has S-Rank strength.
But...!
They're nothing but magic beasts!
Their movements are monotonous.
They are no match at all if facing Hunters...
...with various tactics!
These ants are quite sturdy.
Right.
Luckily, there aren't many of them.
No need to worry even if there are.
I will support you from the rear.
Rest assured.
Never thought someone who was
afraid of fighting would say that.
No more sarcasm, Yoonho.
Is this your first mission?
Don't forget, these magic beasts can still
live for a while with their heads blown off.
You should at least cripple them.
O-Okay...
The enemies get stronger
as we go deeper,
but we still haven't seen
any ants walking on two legs.
Yeah, I think those are the ones
arranged to be the queen ant's guards.
In other words,
we still have a long way to go.
Are you sure this is the right direction?
It is... Probably.
Hey.
The direction is right.
There's a strong smell of powerful
magic beasts coming from deep in the cave.
Oh right, at this distance, President Baek's
ability should allow him to see it, right?
Geez.
Is that it?
The queen ant is in
the deepest place ahead.
There are many guards protecting her.
The decoy unit can only keep the ants
outside distracted for so long.
Also, there are many S-Rank guards ahead.
The strength of the queen ant is unknown.
It will probably be a tough fight.
But with our lineup,
we will definitely win.
Let's go.
Yes!
Is it around here?
I wanted to check on Charlie
since we lost contact.
Where on earth did they go?
But they did kill ants here.
Hmm?
These are Fujishima's glasses...
N-No way...
What's wrong?!
What's this?
What is this smell that hits me?
I-I've never smelled
anything like this before...
Did you reach Charlie?
Not yet.
Is there a problem?
We don't have time
to worry about others now.
This time you have to be serious.
No other choice, huh?
Well, what a grand welcome.
Then we must also show proper courtesy.
Let's proceed as planned.
I'm counting on you,
the ultimate weapon of mankind.
I understand.
Your opponent is here!
I don't usually use this much power.
But it seems today I have
to use all my trump cards.
That's right.
There's no reason to hold back.
Even if I must turn into this hideous form...
...I'll kill every last one of these insects!
That is...
President Baek's magic beast form.
The battle has started.
The viewership has surpassed 80%!
Go forward a bit more,
and get a clearer shot!
80% of the viewership?!
I must meet their expectations.
This is the Boss Room
of an S-Rank dungeon.
Do you have a death wish?
No, of course not!
Please stay behind me.
The battle will become even more intense.
Look, everyone.
The S-Rank Hunters have
finally reached the queen ant.
They are engaged in
a fierce battle right now,
determined to fulfill
our long-cherished goal!
These S-Rank Hunters
who usually don't fight together
are showcasing perfect teamwork
in this joint offensive.
Hunter Cha's sharp strike
pierced through the ants!
It's down!
The last guard ant is killed.
Now! Let's attack all at once!
Take this!
The queen ant without guards...
...is just a living target!
As long as I'm here,
no matter how many times,
I will make you all stand up again.
I won't let you get close to our healer.
Keep it restrained just like that!
It still has such strong power?!
Is it a dying scream?
No, it felt different than that.
- Don't run away!
- You can't escape!
- Hunter Cha!
- Miss Cha!
I'm going up!
Another hit!
It's done!
Master.
So we've accomplished it...
It's over... right?
Yeah.
With the queen ant dead, the remaining ants
will naturally go extinct in a year.
Then this place will become
a habitable area for humans again.
But that final scream...
What are you talking about?
We killed that queen ant!
We got revenge for Eunseok!
Yeah.
We have a problem!
The ants are heading towards the nest!
What?
The interference wave has no effect!
What's going on there?
Collect information and report back to me.
The flame prison
was destroyed just now?!
What's going on?
This is much faster than expected!
Could it be that scream from
the queen ant just now...
Is it calling for its companions?
But even if it is, the ants outside
can't break Master's techniques!
Then what—
Something's coming!
Black...
...ant?
A chilling sense of oppression...
And this smell...
What is this?
That is not an ordinary magic beast!
There’s no time for hesitation.
If we don't kill it...
It just walked right past us?
Miss Cha...!
Don't underestimate me!
Take this!
It stopped my arrow?!
Be amazed.
We have a reliable companion.
The skill to protect oneself, camouflage.
After using this skill,
I become invisible.
Although I'm immobile during use,
this is enough for a healer.
As long as I'm here,
our team will never lose.
I did use camouflage...
Don't tell me...
Byung-Gu!
Yoonho...
Please run...
You bastard...
You all are too weak.
Our queen ant is dead.
Just killing soldiers is not fair.
Where is your king?
King?
There is a strong one outside.
Outside...
Is it going to Goto?
No, there's no time to think now...
We need to leave here quickly...
Darn it...
The other ants have returned!
Something's not right.
Not just Charlie, even Delta
has become unreachable.
Was there a problem with the signals?
But they should be within
the communication range.
Bravo, please respond.
This is Bravo.
Can you contact Charlie and Delta?
No, we've lost contact
with them since earlier.
Do you want us to check on them?
We are on our way now.
After you finish, wait for me
at the rendezvous point.
Understood.
How could it be...
It's me.
I didn't receive your scheduled contact.
There are casualties here.
Oh?
That's quite unexpected.
Didn't you order them only to kill
mutated magic beasts to avoid any risks?
They are simply too weak.
That is something you would say.
Alright.
With your abilities, missing a few people
shouldn't be an issue, right?
By the way, is the team over there
with the queen ant?
Yes.
But just a moment ago, it was confirmed
that the interference waves have failed.
All the ants outside
have returned to the nest.
Hmm...
What do you think
their chances of survival are?
Given their strength...
...the chances are zero.
Very well.
Despite Japan's best efforts in support,
the allied forces were annihilated,
so we had no choice
but to temporarily retreat.
We will inherit their will
and continue to advance towards Jeju Island
with the second assault team at sea.
We gradually weaken
the neighboring country's power
to make our country the one
to conquer the S-Rank Gates.
It's about time.
Everyone, retreat.
Meet up with the second
assault team at sea.
Well, whatever.
Chairman Matsumoto has given the order.
We are retreating.
We'll come back later
to retrieve the bodi—
Ishida!
Leave quickly.
Join up with the Bravo and meet up
with the second team.
Prepare for the next offensive.
But...
You staying here will only get in my way.
Go.
Understood.
It has an extremely piercing aura.
Are you the king?
Interesting.
An ant that can speak.
King...
That's right.
I am the king.
What is this magical power?
This feeling...
I have had it before.
That is...
Choi Jong-In!
Increase the firepower!
Please stop pushing me...
This is my limit!
We all suffered fatal injuries.
We have no more strength to fight.
Even Choi Jong-In, as the lifesaver...
Is this the end?
What is happening?
These black soldiers are...
Exchange.
SOLO LEVELING
EPISODE 23: IT'S GOING TO GET
EVEN MORE INTENSE
EPISODE 24: ARE YOU THE KING OF HUMANS